README.md, before:

## 👋 Hi, I'm Sayomi!
🔭 Web Developer sharing my journey and learnings in tech<br>🌱 Studied Computer Science in College<br>⚡ Currently making more web development projects in React and other frameworks

<!-- Who you are, what you are currently working on, what tools you use, how to reach you --!>

## 💻 Tech Stack:
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![Redux](https://img.shields.io/badge/redux-%23593d88.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=redux&logoColor=white) ![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white) ![WordPress](https://img.shields.io/badge/WordPress-%23117AC9.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=WordPress&logoColor=white) ![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/vite-%23646CFF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vite&logoColor=white) ![Vue.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/vue.js-%2335495e.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vuedotjs&logoColor=%234FC08D) ![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-a08021?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase&logoColor=ffcd34) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-%2300C4CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Canva&logoColor=white) ![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white) 

## 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Oluwasayomi&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false&layout=compact)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->

## ✨ Featured Github Projects:

#### Library App <br>
<img width="783" height="350" alt="Screenshot 2025-09-05 222610" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/bf342aa4-80dd-47ad-a965-942b427e3fca" />

#### Art Website <br>

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3a121d8c-80fb-4bd3-a8dc-49b47d045048

Commit message:

Revise README with new tools and personal info
Updated tools and tech section, added personal details, and modified featured projects.

README.md, after:

## 👋 Hi, I'm Sayomi!
🔭 Web Developer sharing my journey and learnings in tech<br>🌱 Studied Computer Science in College<br>⚡ Currently making more web development projects in React and other frameworks

## 💻 Tools & Tech:
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white) <br> 
![WordPress](https://img.shields.io/badge/WordPress-%23117AC9.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=WordPress&logoColor=white) ![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-a08021?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase&logoColor=ffcd34) <br> 
![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-%2300C4CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Canva&logoColor=white) ![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white) <br>
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white) 

## A bit about me
* ✨ I like building things that look beautiful and are easy to understand.
* 🕗 I am neither a night owl nor a morning bird. I can do both depending on the situation.
* 😊 I always have a smile on my face.
* 🎹 I can play 4 musical instruments.
* ☕ I am currently learning French and Mandarin.
  

## ✨ Featured Github Projects:

### Art Website <br>
https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3a121d8c-80fb-4bd3-a8dc-49b47d045048

### Library App <br>
<img width="783" height="350" alt="Screenshot 2025-09-05 222610" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/bf342aa4-80dd-47ad-a965-942b427e3fca" />
